JUDY WOODRUFF: Denial and
defense, the president's
son-in-law offered both
today in the Russia
investigation.
He spoke privately for members
of the U.S. Senate staff and
briefly publicly for news
cameras.
Our coverage begins
with John Yang.
JOHN YANG: Outside the White
House West Wing, Jared Kushner
did something he rarely does:
speak to reporters.
JARED KUSHNER, Senior
Presidential Adviser:
Let me be very clear.
I did not collude with Russia,
nor do I know of anyone else
in the campaign who did so.
I had no improper contacts.
JOHN YANG: He dismissed the
idea that his father-in-law
benefited from Russian meddling
in the election.
JARED KUSHNER: Donald Trump
had a better message and ran a
smarter campaign and that is why
he won.
Suggesting otherwise ridicules
those who voted for him.
JOHN YANG: Kushner
took no questions from
reporters, but said he
had answered all questions
from Senate Intelligence
Committee investigators in a
two-hour closed-door session.
His 11-page prepared
remarks gave the first
public explanation of
four meetings he had
with Russians during the
campaign and transition.
He said he didn't know the
purpose of the June 9, 2016,
meeting Donald Trump Jr. set
up with Russian attorney Natalia
Veselnitskaya, campaign chairman
Paul Manafort and others
in hopes of getting
dirt on Hillary Clinton.
Kushner said he arrived late
and "quickly determined that
my time wasn't well-spent.
It was," he said, "a
waste of our time," a
judgment his brother-in-law
has also expressed.
DONALD TRUMP JR., Son of Donald
Trump: It was literally just
a wasted 20 minutes, which
was a shame.
JOHN YANG: Less than a month
after President Trump won the
election, on December 1, Kushner
and national security
adviser-designate Michael
Flynn met with Russian
ambassador, Sergey
Kislyak.
According to Kushner, the envoy
said he wanted to talk about
Syria and convey information
from his generals.
Kislyak asked if there
was a secure line in
the transition office.
Told that there wasn't, Kushner
asked if the Russians had an
existing communications channel
at his embassy we could use.
The ambassador said that
wouldn't be possible.
On December 13, Kushner met,
at Kislyak's insistence, with
Sergey Gorkov, the head of
a Russian bank that is
under U.S. sanctions.
He said Gorkov told him he
was friendly with President
Putin and expressed hopes for a
better relationship
in the future.
Kushner said he has not been
in contact with Gorkov since.
As for the matter of Kushner's
original security clearance
application not including any of
his foreign contacts, the
president's son-in-law
said it was an accident.
He said it was submitted
prematurely due to
a miscommunication
with an assistant.
It's been updated at
least three times.
On Sunday, the White House
appeared ready to accept a new
sanctions bill scheduled for
a House vote tomorrow.
It would target Russia and
limit Mr. Trump's ability
to lift the penalties.
SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS, White
House Press Secretary: We
support where the legislation
is now.
We will continue working with
the House and Senate to put
those tough sanctions in place.
JOHN YANG: But late today,
White House Press Secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the
president is still studying
the legislation, which was
introduced because of questions
raised by the Russia
investigation, which has
now entered a new phase.
Kushner will be back on Capitol
Hill tomorrow for a private
session with members of the
House Intelligence Committee.
For the "PBS NewsHour,"
I'm John Yang.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The White House
said later that President
Trump was -- quote -- "very
proud" of his son-in-law's
actions today.
We will go deeper on all of this
right after the news summary.